---
id: 25929315677204
title: SmartMap+ FAQs
product: redIQ
category: dataIQ
section: SmartMap+
attachments: []
created_at: '2024-04-23T14:56:02Z'
updated_at: '2024-04-24T17:15:59Z'
suggested_queries:
- - "What is SmartMap+ and how does it work?"
- - "How do I upload an Operating Statement using SmartMap+?"
- - "Can I use SmartMap+ with Legacy Mapping as the default method?"
---
**What is SmartMap+?**

SmartMap+ is an automated tool designed to streamline the process of mapping line-item accounts from an Operating Statement to your Chart of Accounts. It uses an index and scoring system to automate and improve the accuracy of account mapping.

**How does SmartMap+ work?**

When uploading an operating statement for the first time in a deal, SmartMap+ analyzes and matches the line-item accounts to the account's COA. For subsequent uploads, it uses batch mapping by applying the previous mappings to matched line items, and only maps new line items using SM+.

**How do I set up my SmartMap+ account?**  
Account administrators need to map the SM+ Master COA to their account's custom COA in the SmartMap+ section of account settings. They also need to set SmartMap+ or Legacy Mapping as the default mapping method.

**How do I upload an Operating Statement using SmartMap+?**  
To upload an Operating Statement, open the deal from your list, go to Operating Statement > Source Data, and use the 'Upload Operating Statement' option. After uploading, review and confirm the data, then map the line items as required.

**How do I review and override SM+ account mappings?**   
Review the "Needs Review" and "No Match" accounts. Mark correct mappings as "Reviewed", and manually change incorrect mappings by selecting the right account code/description.

**How does SmartMap+ handle subsequent Operating Statements?**  
If the new OS format matches the previous one, batch mapping is applied. If there are new line items, batch mapping is applied to existing items, and SM+ maps the new items.

**Can SmartMap+ be used when Legacy Mapping is the default mapping method?**  
Yes, SmartMap+ can function alongside legacy mapping. If Legacy Mapping is set as your default mapping method, when uploading an Operating Statement, you can switch to SmartMap+ during the upload process. For all subsequent OS uploads, mapping from the previously uploaded OS will be used on the new upload, and if there are any new line items detected, SM+ will be used to map those.

**What are the new color codes and icons in SmartMap+?**  
After mapping, the system uses color-coded confidence icons: green (Matched), yellow (Needs Review), and red (No Match) to indicate the accuracy of the mappings. You can review and adjust these as necessary.

**Can SmartMap+ map accounts on existing Operating Statement uploads?**  
Yes, SmartMap+ can re-map accounts on existing uploads. Navigate to the Source Data page of the deal, select the batch to be re-mapped, and choose SmartMap+ to apply new mappings.