---
attachments: []
category: Benchmark
created_at: '2023-09-30T03:39:55Z'
id: 19979928123789
original_url: https://help.radix.com/hc/en-us/articles/19979928123789-Closing-Ratio
section: Data Dictionary
title: Closing Ratio
updated_at: '2023-11-01T17:57:22Z'
---

When you need to quantify a team or individual's ability to convert traffic to leases, look no further than the closing ratio. This article not only defines what a closing ratio is but also offers practical tips for interpreting and taking action on your available closing ratio data.

Definition Why it Matters

Closing ratio is a sales metric that measures the effectiveness of an individual, or team's, ability to convert prospects into leases. This ratio is expressed as a percentage and looks at the number of leases achieved divided by the number of traffic received over a given period of time.

Properties spend hundreds of marketing dollars each month to drive qualified traffic to the property. This is a significant, continual expense, and those invested in the success of the property can review closing ratios to make sure this is money well spent.

### Calculating Closing Ratio

Radix auto-calculates a property's closing ratio by taking the net leases achieved divided by the total traffic received over a period of time. **(# Net Leases/ Total # of Traffic)**

### Evaluating Closing Ratios

A high closing ratio can indicate a property has a strong ability to convert traffic into leases, whereas a low closing ratio can signify performance opportunities in a variety of different areas. Whether they're high or low, closing ratio trends can always be paired with real-time Radix data on metrics such as traffic, rent, concessions, and ATR to fully understand what a property's closing ratio is telling you.

#### High Closing Ratios

When **closing ratios and traffic are consistently high**, this may indicate strong demand and an opportunity to optimize rents. Look to concessions, rent, and ATR data to help you analyze whether increasing rents and/or decreasing concessions may be a suitable move for the property.

* **Concessions:** Are concession values in line with what comparable properties in the area are offering?
* **Rents:** Are asking rents higher, lower, or in line with what's being offered by comparable properties for similar floor plans?
* **ATR:** How many units are available to rent over the next 60 days, and how does that compare to the availability of comparable properties? Use tools like your [Floor Plan Comparison Report](https://help.radix.com/hc/en-us/articles/15100961400845) to view availability and concessions at the floor plan level.

#### Low Closing Ratios

When **closing ratios are low and traffic is consistently high**, this may indicate an opportunity to optimize the property's performance in a variety of different areas.

* **Traffic:** Is traffic qualified? Prospects interested in the property for the wrong reasons will be difficult to convert. Determine whether the property's marketing sources are promoting a true reflection of the property to prospects.
* **Curb Appeal:** How does the property show to prospects? Is the property's appearance appealing, or a deterrent? Use your built-in [Reputation](https://help.radix.com/hc/en-us/articles/9060154685965) feature to help make sure the property is putting its best foot forward.
* **Rents & Concessions:** Are asking rents and concessions higher, lower, or in line with what's being offered by comparable properties for similar floor plans?
* **People:**Do the team members at the property have the tools, knowledge and resources needed to offer an impactful experience and convert prospects?