---
attachments: []
category: Benchmark
created_at: '2023-10-01T03:13:34Z'
id: 19998133883021
original_url: https://help.radix.com/hc/en-us/articles/19998133883021-Concessions
section: Data Dictionary
title: Concessions
updated_at: '2024-08-13T17:03:08Z'
---

Monetary incentives are often used to entice prospective residents to lease. In this article, we'll break down what concessions are, how Radix calculates them, and practical tips for using concessions data to your competitive advantage.

Definition Why it Matters

Concessions are monetary incentives offered to prospective residents. A concession can be offered one-time, or on a recurring basis.

Continually monitoring the amount of concessions being offered at a property is crucial for several reasons. From a competition standpoint, an awareness of how your concessions compare to your comps will help your property remain relevant to prospects while staying in line with market expectations. Tracking concessions can also provide valuable insights into the health of the market you operate within. For example, sudden or sustained spikes in concessions can indicate a surplus of available units or an oversaturated market. Keep a pulse on concessions to help you make any necessary adjustments and maintain a healthy leasing velocity.

### Calculating Concessions

Radix collects data for both one-time and recurring concessions at the property level. To allow for an apples-to-apples comparison of what specials are being offered, the value of a concession is calculated and then standardized across a 12-month lease term. **($ Value of the Concession/12-month lease).**

**Note:** Our Concessions Calculator is a built-in tool that helps calculate the value of concessions for users entering them. Learn more about it [here.](https://help.radix.com/hc/en-us/articles/27905514654221)

### Evaluating Concessions Data

Concessions are offered for impact, and Radix provides real-time data needed to determine whether concessions are having the desired effect. Here are a few practical tips for exploring concessions data.

* **Conduct a Trends Analysis:** Our [Trends Analysis Report](https://help.radix.com/hc/en-us/articles/15181922028429) allows you to stack data trends for key metrics like ATR, Traffic and Leases per Week, and Closing Ratio. It's a great tool to help analyze whether concessions offered are contributing to a property's ability to drive traffic, secure leases, and mitigate ATR.
* **Analyze Floor Plan Concessions:**Concessions data can be viewed at the floor plan *and* unit level. Use the [Trends](https://help.radix.com/hc/en-us/articles/9060097289101) feature to explore concessions for specific floor plans, or use the [Floor Plan Comparison Report](https://help.radix.com/hc/en-us/articles/15100961400845) for comprehensive details on what concessions are being offered for specific units.
* **Monitor Concessions Index:**Are concessions being offered at the expense of sustainable rents? Our Concessions Index metric can help you answer this question. This metric reflects what percentage of annual rent is being consumed by concessions.