---
attachments: []
category: Benchmark
created_at: '2023-10-02T22:44:31Z'
id: 20042408340493
original_url: https://help.radix.com/hc/en-us/articles/20042408340493-Leases-per-Week
section: Data Dictionary
title: Leases per Week
updated_at: '2023-11-01T17:57:22Z'
---

In this article, we'll define what Leases per Week is, and offer actionable advice on how to make the most of this data in Radix.

Definition Why it Matters

Leases per Week is the number of prospects a property has been able to convert into a rental over the past 7 calendar days, **minus cancellations and denials**.

When there are units available to rent, Leases per Week is an important data point used to evaluate the effectiveness and efficiency of a property's leasing process. When paired with additional data points, it can help those invested in the success of a property make leasing-related decisions such as whether to reduce concessions, increase asking rents, or boost marketing efforts to drive more traffic.

### Calculating Leases per Week

Radix calculates leases per week by adding the total number of rentals achieved over the past 7 calendar days, minus any cancellations or denials. **(Total # Leases - Denials or Cancellations)** This is also known as **net leases.**

### Evaluating Leases per Week

Radix offers real-time data you can use to monitor the velocity at which leases are occurring. Ensuring leasing isn't happening too slowly or too quickly will help you mitigate ATR while also closing leases at an optimized asking rent value. Here are a few tools and tips for evaluating this data.

* **Low Leases per Week & High ATR:** When a property has units available to rent, but isn't securing leases, you'll be naturally inclined to wonder why. Use the [Snapshot](https://help.radix.com/hc/en-us/articles/9060091043981) and [Trends](https://help.radix.com/hc/en-us/articles/9060097289101) features to benchmark a property's performance with its competitors and investigate why.
* **High Leases per Week:**When a high volume of leases is being secured, it's important to evaluate whether that volume is too high. Use the same tools outlined above to analyze additional data points like rent and concessions as there may be opportunity to reduce concessions and/or increase asking rents.