---
attachments: []
category: Benchmark
created_at: '2023-10-01T04:44:40Z'
id: 19998806997133
original_url: https://help.radix.com/hc/en-us/articles/19998806997133-Traffic-per-Week
section: Data Dictionary
title: Traffic per Week
updated_at: '2023-11-01T17:57:22Z'
---

The number of prospects inquiring at a property each week is one of the most fundamental metrics to monitor. In this article, we'll define what Traffic per Week is, and offer actionable advice on how to make the most of this data in Radix.

Definition Why it Matters

Traffic per Week is the total number of prospects that have toured a property in the past 7 calendar days.

Traffic is the foundational element that initiates the entire leasing process. Without it, properties would find themselves missing the essential ingredient needed to secure leases, minimize ATR, and drive occupancy. Ultimately, traffic is the lifeblood of multifamily properties making it an indispensable metric for continual evaluation.

### Calculating Traffic per Week

Radix collects traffic per week directly from properties on a weekly basis. The total number of prospects that have toured a property over the past 7 calendar days is reflected with this metric.

### Evaluating Traffic per Week

Not only does Radix offer real-time data on traffic per week, we also provide a variety of built-in tools to help you make sense of it. Here are a few tips on how you can use them to evaluate your traffic data.

* **Benchmarking Performance:** Your [Snapshot](https://help.radix.com/hc/en-us/articles/9060091043981) feature makes it easy to see where a property ranks in comparison to the competition for traffic. With visibility into additional metrics like concessions and rents, this feature can illuminate which properties you may be losing traffic to and *why*.
* **Analyzing Submarket Trends:** Your [Market Trends](https://help.radix.com/hc/en-us/articles/16593527894285) feature can be used to gain additional local context on traffic patterns at the submarket and market level. These trends are fueled by weekly data provided by every available Radix property within the MSA for the latest market insights.
* **Online Reputation:** In addition to benchmarking a property's performance and analyzing submarket trends, you can use your [Reputation](https://help.radix.com/hc/en-us/articles/9060154685965) feature to determine whether online reviews may be deterring traffic from a property.